[rocprofiler-compute] Skip analyze of unprofiled blocks (#6373)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/rocprofiler-compute/docs/how-to/analyze/cli.rst

1. To begin, generate a high-level analysis report using ROCm Compute Profiler's ``-b`` (or ``--block``) flag.

.. note::

>    By default, analyze only evaluates blocks that were profiled. Analyze-mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   By default, analyze only evaluates the profiled blocks. Analyze-mode
```

Author: Applied.

>    ``-b`` overrides this and might produce missing-counter warnings for blocks

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   ``-b`` overrides this and may produce missing-counter warnings for blocks
```

Author: Skipping since documentation folks have already done an editorial pass

>    ``-b`` overrides this and may produce missing-counter warnings for blocks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``-b`` overrides this and might produce missing-counter warnings for blocks
```

Author: Applied.

1. To begin, generate a high-level analysis report using ROCm Compute Profiler's ``-b`` (or ``--block``) flag.

.. note::

>    By default, analyze evaluates only the blocks recorded in

Author: Lets not disclose internal details like profiling_config.yaml to external customers. Also, try to make this concise.

Author: Reworded and dropped reference to profiling_config.yaml.
